Hubspot doc refactor (#907)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/hubspot/setting-up-hubspot-in-rudderstack.mdx

| **Connection Mode** | **Web**       | **Mobile**    | **Server**    |
| :------------------ | :------------ | :------------ | :------------ |
| **Device mode**     | **Supported**            | -             | -    |
| **Cloud mode**      | **Supported** | **Supported** | **Supported** |

Once you have confirmed that the source platform supports sending events to HubSpot, follow these steps:

1. From your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com/), add the source. Then, from the list of destinations, select **HubSpot**.
2. Assign a name to the destination and click **Continue**.

## Connection settings

RudderStack supports sending data to HubSpot via the HubSpot's [legacy](https://legacydocs.hubspot.com/docs/overview?_ga=2.34803302.670362313.1663315856-97001172.1658910392) and [new](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api/overview) API.

<div class="warningBlock">
As HubSpot's legacy API will be deprecated soon, it is recommended to use the new API.
</div>

### Legacy API
To successfully configure HubSpot as a destination using the [legacy API](https://legacydocs.hubspot.com/docs/overview?_ga=2.34803302.670362313.1663315856-97001172.1658910392):

> - **Hub ID**: Enter your HubSpot Hub ID. Refer to the [HubSpot documentation](https://knowledge.hubspot.com/account/manage-multiple-hubspot-accounts#identify-the-current-account-s-hub-id) for more information on how to obtain it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Hub ID**: Enter your HubSpot Hub ID. Refer to the [HubSpot documentation](https://knowledge.hubspot.com/account/manage-multiple-hubspot-accounts#identify-the-current-account-s-hub-id) for more information on obtaining your Hub ID.
```

> - **Authorization Type**: Choose **Private Apps** or **API Key** authorization types as explained below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Authorization Type**: Select the authorization type from **Private Apps** or **API Key**, as explained below:
```

>     1. **Private Apps** lets you use HubSpot's APIs to access specific data from your HubSpot account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. **Private Apps** lets you use the HubSpot's APIs to access specific data from your HubSpot account.
```

    <img src="../../../assets/event-stream-destinations/hubspot-connection-settings-auth-type-1.png" alt="HubSpot connection settings"/>

    -  **Access Token**: Enter your HubSpot access token from the **Private Apps** section in the HubSpot dashboard. Refer to the <Link to="#faq">FAQ</Link> section for more information on getting the HubSpot access token.

    2. **API Key (deprecating soon)** lets you create custom applications using HubSpot's APIs.

    <div class="warningBlock">
    This authorization type will be deprecated soon. Refer to the <Link to="https://knowledge.hubspot.com/integrations/how-do-i-get-my-hubspot-api-key">HubSpot documentation</Link> for more information.
    </div>

    <img src="../../../assets/event-stream-destinations/hubspot-connection-settings-auth-type-2.png" alt="HubSpot connection settings"/>

>     -  **API Key**: Enter your HubSpot API key. For more information on obtaining it, refer to the [HubSpot documentation](https://knowledge.hubspot.com/integrations/how-do-i-get-my-hubspot-api-key). This is a required field to send data to HubSpot via the <Link to="/destinations/rudderstack-connection-modes/#cloud-mode">cloud mode</Link>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -  **API Key**: Enter your HubSpot API key. This is a required field to send data to HubSpot via the <Link to="/destinations/rudderstack-connection-modes/#cloud-mode">cloud mode</Link>. For more information on obtaining the API key, refer to the [HubSpot documentation](https://knowledge.hubspot.com/integrations/how-do-i-get-my-hubspot-api-key).
```

- **API Version**: Select **Legacy API (v1)** from the dropdown. To work with the new HubSpot API, refer to the <Link to="#new-api">New API</Link> section.

> The below settings are **applicable only** if you want to send events to HubSpot via the web <Link to="/destinations/rudderstack-connection-modes/#device-mode">device mode</Link>:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below settings are applicable **only if** you want to send events to HubSpot via the web <Link to="/destinations/rudderstack-connection-modes/#device-mode">device mode</Link>:
```

- **Client-side Events Filtering**: This setting lets you specify which events should be blocked or allowed to flow through to HubSpot. For more information on this setting, refer to the <Link to="/sources/sdks/event-filtering/">Client-side Events Filtering</Link> guide.

> - **Use device mode to send events**: Enable this setting to send the events to HubSpot via the web <Link to="/destinations/rudderstack-connection-modes/#device-mode">device mode</Link>.

Reviewer: Shall we clarify web device mode here as well, to maintain consistency?

- **OneTrust Cookie Categories**: If **Use device mode to send events** is enabled, this setting lets you associate <Link to="/sources/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/consent-managers/onetrust/">OneTrust</Link> cookie consent groups to HubSpot.

### New API

To successfully configure HubSpot as a destination using the [new API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api/overview), all the above-mentioned settings (for the <Link to="#legacy-api">legacy API</Link>) are applicable except you need to select the **New API (v3)** in **API Version** dropdown, as shown:

<img src="../../../assets/event-stream-destinations/hubspotv2-connection-settings-2.png" alt="HubSpot connection settings" />

<br/>

Additional settings to configure HubSpot using the **new API** are as follows:

<img src="../../../assets/event-stream-destinations/hubspotv2-connection-settings-3.png" alt="HubSpot connection settings" />

> - **HubSpot property name to be used as lookup field**: Enter a unique property to be used as a lookup field for <Link to="https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api/crm/contacts">HubSpot contacts</Link>. The lookup field entered here **must also** be passed in the `identify` call's `traits` as it's value will be used to look up the contact. Refer to the <Link to="/destinations/streaming-destinations/hubspot/hubspot-cloud-mode/hubspot-new-api-cloud#identify">`identify` call</Link> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **HubSpot property name to be used as lookup field**: Enter a unique property to be used as a lookup field for the  <Link to="https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api/crm/contacts">HubSpot contacts</Link>. The lookup field entered here **must also** be passed in the `identify` call's `traits` as its value will be used to look up the contact. Refer to the <Link to="/destinations/streaming-destinations/hubspot/hubspot-cloud-mode/hubspot-new-api-cloud#identify">`identify` call</Link> for more information.
```

<div class="warningBlock">

> If you are connecting the HubSpot destination to a <Link to="/sources/reverse-etl/">Reverse ETL</Link> source, you can skip setting this field and pass N/A as the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are connecting the HubSpot destination to a <Link to="/sources/reverse-etl/">Reverse ETL</Link> source, you can skip setting this field and pass <code class="inline-code">N/A</code> as the value.
```
